=head1 typepad_to_jekyll

=head2 Fork Info

This is a forked version of the typepad_to_jekyll project.

It includes the following changes

* Generated post files are created with .markdown extension instead of .html
* Generate posts are converted to markdown instead of plain html
* The ":" character is properly escaped within titles.
* date field is generated and inserted into each posts YAML header

It requires the following perl modules to run:

* [HTML::WikiConverter](http://search.cpan.org/~diberri/HTML-WikiConverter-0.68/lib/HTML/WikiConverter.pm)
* [HTML::WikiConverter:Markdown](http://search.cpan.org/~diberri/HTML-WikiConverter-Markdown-0.05/lib/HTML/WikiConverter/Markdown.pm)

=head2 What is this stuff ?

I was in the process of migrating my blog from L<typepad.com> to
L<http://jekyllrb.com/>.

Jekyll is missing an import script to import blog entries from Typepad, and I
couldn't find anything related on the Internet. Well, I searched for less than
5 minutes, then I thought it'd be quicker to do itmyself. So here we are.

C<typepad_to_jekyll> is a script to import blog entries previously exported
from typepad.

=head2 What it does

C<typepad_to_jekyll> imports typepad blog entries (not the comments) from
typepad into your jekyll directory, under the C<_posts> directory.

=head2 Requirements

You need C<perl>, and a platform where it runs. So that's pretty generic.

You also need a jekyll directory. But if you don't have that, I don't know why
you are bothering anyway...

=head2 Usage

=head3 Export your blog entries from typepad

=over

=item *

Log on typepad.com, go to your typepad blog admin page, then in the B<Settings> tab

=item *

Click on B<Import/Export> pane (bottom left), and export your blog. It should
produce a C<txt> file, called something like C<Unnamed_Comet_Asset.txt>.

=item *

Download the file and rename it to, say, C<typepad_export.txt>.

=back

=head3 Download and install typepa_to_jekyll

=over

=item *

run typepad_to_jekyll like this :

  perl ./typepad_to_jekyll path/to/typepad_export.txt  path/to/jekyll/directory

=item *

that's it !

=back
